feat: pytest fixtures (#7654)
marimo-team/marimo: docs/guides/testing/pytest.md

FAILED test_notebook.py::test_fails - AssertionError: This test fails
========================= 1 failed, 3 passed in 0.82s ==========================
```

## Using Pytest Fixtures

marimo supports pytest fixtures with some limitations due to how pytest collects
tests statically.

### Supported Patterns

> **Fixtures defined in `app.setup`**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Fixtures defined in the setup cell**:
```

```

**Class fixtures**:

```python
@app.cell
def _():
    import pytest
    return pytest

@app.cell
def _(pytest):
    class TestDatabase:
        @pytest.fixture(scope="class")
        def connection(self):
            return create_connection()

        def test_query(self, connection):
            result = connection.query("SELECT 1")
            assert result == 1
```

**`conftest.py` fixtures** work as expected - pytest discovers them automatically.

!!! info "Fixture Limitations"

    Fixtures defined in one cell **cannot** be used by tests in a different cell.
    This is because pytest collects tests **statically** by parsing the notebook
    file without executing it. During collection, pytest can see module-level
    fixtures (from `conftest.py` or imported modules) and fixtures defined in the
    same scope as the test, but it cannot see fixtures defined in other cells.

    **Why?** Running the entire notebook just for fixture discovery would be
    expensive, and static analysis cannot determine which fixtures will be
    available after cell execution since cell order is determined at runtime by
    marimo's dependency graph.

### Recommended Patterns

> 1. **Define fixtures in a separate file** and import them in `app.setup`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Define fixtures in a separate file** and import them in the setup cell**:
```
